Add `astro preferences` CLI reference (#5512)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/cli-reference.mdx

Integrations             none
```

## `astro preferences`

Manage user preferences with the `astro preferences` command. User preferences are specific to individual Astro users, unlike the `astro.config.mjs` file which changes behavior for everyone working on a project.

> User preferences are scoped to the current project by default, stored in a local `.astro/settings.json` file. Using the `--global` flag, user preferences can also be applied to every Astro project on the current machine. Global user preferences are stored in an operating system-specific location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User preferences are scoped to the current project by default, stored in a local `.astro/settings.json` file.

Using the `--global` flag, user preferences can also be applied to every Astro project on the current machine. Global user preferences are stored in an operating system-specific location.
```

Integrations             none
```

## `astro preferences`

Manage user preferences with the `astro preferences` command. User preferences are specific to individual Astro users, unlike the `astro.config.mjs` file which changes behavior for everyone working on a project.

User preferences are scoped to the current project by default, stored in a local `.astro/settings.json` file. Using the `--global` flag, user preferences can also be applied to every Astro project on the current machine. Global user preferences are stored in an operating system-specific location.

> To disable the devOverlay in a specific Astro project:
> 
> ```shell
> astro preferences disable devOverlay
> ```
> 
> To disable the devOverlay in all Astro projects on the current machine:
> 
> ```shell
> astro preferences disable --global devOverlay
> ```
> 
> The devOverlay can later be enabled with:
> 
> ```shell
> astro preferences enable devOverlay
> ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
For example, to disable the devToolbar in a specific Astro project:

```shell
astro preferences disable devToolbar
```

To disable the devToolbar in all Astro projects on the current machine:

```shell
astro preferences disable --global devToolbar
```

The devToolbar can later be enabled with:

```shell
astro preferences enable devToolbar
```
``````
Thanks for choosing the dev overlay as your example, @natemoo-re :stuck_out_tongue:

> The `reset` command resets a preference to it's default value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `reset` command resets a preference to its default value:
```

Author: I'm very good at grammar. Thanks!

```shell
astro preferences reset devOverlay
```

The `list` command prints all current user preferences. It also supports a machine-readable `--json` output.

```shell
astro preferences list
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
extra line

Integrations             none
```

## `astro preferences`

Manage user preferences with the `astro preferences` command. User preferences are specific to individual Astro users, unlike the `astro.config.mjs` file which changes behavior for everyone working on a project.

User preferences are scoped to the current project by default, stored in a local `.astro/settings.json` file. Using the `--global` flag, user preferences can also be applied to every Astro project on the current machine. Global user preferences are stored in an operating system-specific location.

For example, to disable the devToolbar in a specific Astro project:

```shell
astro preferences disable devToolbar
```

To disable the devToolbar in all Astro projects on the current machine:

```shell
astro preferences disable --global devToolbar
```

The devToolbar can later be enabled with:

```shell
astro preferences enable devToolbar
```

The `reset` command resets a preference to its default value:

```shell
astro preferences reset devOverlay
```

> The `list` command prints all current user preferences. It also supports a machine-readable `--json` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `list` command prints the current settings of all configurable user preferences. It also supports a machine-readable `--json` output.
```
If we just add this, then I don't think we need a section about preferences at all! So, just make this true! lol

```shell
astro preferences list
```

### Available preferences

> Currently, `devToolbar` is the only available preference. The full list of [default preferences](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/preferences/defaults.ts) can be found in the Astro repository.

Author: @sarah11918 What's our stance on linking to the source code?

> In the future, we plan to add more preferences to personalize your Astro experience.

Author: Am I remembering correctly that we try _not_ to document anything that we plan to do in the future?

> ### Available preferences
> 
> Currently, `devToolbar` is the only available preference. The full list of [default preferences](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/preferences/defaults.ts) can be found in the Astro repository.
> 
> In the future, we plan to add more preferences to personalize your Astro experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Building it better, to avoid documentation!  ;)
